readme.md, before:

# IO::Endpoint

Provides a separation of concerns interface for IO endpoints. This allows you to write code which is agnostic to the underlying IO implementation.

[![Development Status](https://github.com/socketry/io-endpoint/workflows/Test/badge.svg)](https://github.com/socketry/io-endpoint/actions?workflow=Test)

## Usage

Please see the [documentation](https://socketry.github.io/io-endpoint) for more information.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to this project.

1.  Fork it.
2.  Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`).
3.  Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`).
4.  Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`).
5.  Create new Pull Request.

### Developer Certificate of Origin

In order to protect users of this project, we require all contributors to comply with the [Developer Certificate of Origin](https://developercertificate.org/). This ensures that all contributions are properly licensed and attributed.

### Community Guidelines

This project is best served by a collaborative and respectful environment. Treat each other professionally, respect differing viewpoints, and engage constructively. Harassment, discrimination, or harmful behavior is not tolerated. Communicate clearly, listen actively, and support one another. If any issues arise, please inform the project maintainers.

## See Also

  - [async-io](https://github.com/socketry/async-io) — Where this implementation originally came from.

Commit message:

Documentation coverage + getting started guide.

readme.md, after:

# IO::Endpoint

Provides a separation of concerns interface for IO endpoints. This allows you to write code which is agnostic to the underlying IO implementation.

[![Development Status](https://github.com/socketry/io-endpoint/workflows/Test/badge.svg)](https://github.com/socketry/io-endpoint/actions?workflow=Test)

## Usage

Please see the [project documentation](https://socketry.github.io/io-endpoint) for more details.

  - [Getting Started](https://socketry.github.io/io-endpointguides/getting-started/index) - This guide explains how to get started with `io-endpoint`, a library that provides a separation of concerns interface for network I/O endpoints.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to this project.

1.  Fork it.
2.  Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`).
3.  Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`).
4.  Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`).
5.  Create new Pull Request.

### Developer Certificate of Origin

In order to protect users of this project, we require all contributors to comply with the [Developer Certificate of Origin](https://developercertificate.org/). This ensures that all contributions are properly licensed and attributed.

### Community Guidelines

This project is best served by a collaborative and respectful environment. Treat each other professionally, respect differing viewpoints, and engage constructively. Harassment, discrimination, or harmful behavior is not tolerated. Communicate clearly, listen actively, and support one another. If any issues arise, please inform the project maintainers.

## See Also

  - [async-io](https://github.com/socketry/async-io) — Where this implementation originally came from.
